[3875][ADD] base_api_connection (#132)
qrtl/axls-oca: base_api_connection/readme/DESCRIPTION.rst

> This module facilitates API connections between Odoo and other system. It is not usable on its own; rather, it is a low-level module intended to serve as a base for others. An example of such a module is 'project_task_capture'.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This module facilitates API connections between Odoo and other web services. It is not usable on its own; rather, it is a low-level module intended to serve as a base for others. An example of such a module is 'project_task_capture'.
```
